he knows she makes headlines, after all
unfortunately 70 advised and athletic
situation but due to two
sensational obligations
one stands between the posts and
stop rick dipietro the other markets that
song for baku front institute wise and
They can see every gain and view
use
I lay here with goals here
stand table
stark counter examples know this
landshut
after three wins in a row
in the meantime conquered this world and how
long protests not very much
that is also in this confusing
situation in 1 11 not sure what
rests
she stands firm for the first
place lights off white blue oneself
targeted joke and di pietro
with the good preparation
against thomas brandl or call her running
say it better in the initial phase
deliver and herbal topscorer was a
Landhut is worse now
not in the box either
Timo Pielmeier very confident and also
Towards the end of the lords
location
the problems of scs relative
obviously Abstreiter does that
clearly they do not bring any forward
hits to stand and behind
Team of caliber of the national league
Probably exploits problems goes on there
Beck 2 looks back as a hidden pietro
but unhappy has none at all
chance of two own lights and
Roland Kaspitz obscured her face
the 2 0 before the break a shocker it
the relatively fast wooden block of the
The blue line is discontinued
but of lord and then is platini
third of the class parade against crawley
second best scorer of the
landshuter but as already said the gate
of the guests
the publishers, it can be harmless and then
Do you still have the pietro is you
based on the safe 3 basis
it covers and then a glimmer of hope
Many counter to our national was so much
on par with the metro and still receives
the zero
that the small but subtle difference
and then discuss recent
choice leaves
so bad and still buys that
13 o'clock peter Abstreiter after the
break after the second break
preliminary decision
ice cold and for the positional error of
those from and only the pietro with
the head makes the life of the vita
it remains at 13 0 reckin great opportunity
the connection must be because otherwise sees
you can make it for me
but my putts in and there it is
Hope of hope because there conspicuous
Today with a lot of work in front of the box of
bayer the facebook one to three
and one more hour to go she says
we are all in the balance but more than
We shed one from the source
they are located
a strong bayer on the supports
loud conclusion
Abstreiter rightly says she has that
look if they like the one
good team for the white-blue the
final decision by markus
At the end of the world there are no points again
for the seats very land must have a
quite sovereign imagination with a
earned 4 to 1 principle
here 's still to agree
that before these eyes 100 us all
specifically on the example of absolute
await your arrival
therefore he was the last defeated it was
great scenery would have great atmosphere
Do you really care was the spectator us
have great support in the beginning
played well but ultimately
is so we fight we give everything but
It is enough if we just
forward too little impact
we have to say that we shoot
not totally dangerous positions so
always not for those for
Finally , we have to do that
we will improve you decide
simply more pressure on the opponent
bring the ultimate and it lies
we always sometime is the game
surely then finally after
home played if it tried
because they were just too strong and then
to stick